# ACME-project

ACME (Automated Certificate Management Environment) is a protocol for automating the issuance and renewal of digital certificates. ACME allows for a fully automated process of SSL/TLS certificate management, which eliminates the need for manual intervention and reduces the risk of human error. Let's Encrypt is a free, automated, and open Certificate Authority (CA) built on ACME that provides SSL/TLS certificates for websites and servers. 

ACME works on the basis of a client-server model, with the ACME client running on the web server and communicating with the ACME server over the internet. The process of obtaining an SSL/TLS certificate through ACME involves the client generatiing of a key pair, sending a certificate signing request, and a proof of domain ownership to the server. The ACME server verifies the domain ownership and issues a new SSL/TLS certificate, which the client installs on the web server.

ACME offers two primary methods for proving domain ownership: DNS-01 and HTTP-01. The DNS-01 method involves adding a specially formatted DNS record to your domain's DNS zone that proves ownership of the domain. With the DNS-01 method, the ACME client sends a challenge to the ACME server, which then checks the DNS record to verify domain ownership.  The HTTP-01 method involves placing a challenge file on your web server that proves ownership of the domain. With the HTTP-01 method, the ACME client sends a challenge to the ACME server, which then checks the contents of the challenge file to verify domain ownership.

In this project, we implement both the HTTP-01 and DNS-01 challenges, procuring certificates from the Pebble Let's Encrypt server. First, we implement from scratch DNS (dns_server.py) and HTTP (http_server.py) servers in Python. Then, the main.py file implements all the necessary cryptographic machinery and interaction with the ACME server, including key generation, account creation, signature creation, sending signed certificate requests, proving domain ownership, and obtaining and saving the certificates. Finally, the https_server.py launches the certified secure HTTPS server with the procured HTTP certificate.
